About...um, What? No, we're talking about Lagoon. Have we?
Oh, Cooking at home. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, I was gonna say.
I think. What? No, not recently but
We used to have barbecue a lot.
and our little backyard have a pretty big grill.
But we haven't been using it so it's collecting dust.
but that's a pretty good gas
barbecue grill so we use that to cook.
Steak, Chicken, Burgers.
But isn't that... Do you use the... um...
The community center.
guest room? Oh, Yeah. We should do it!
We should do that again.
Aahhh...
Oh.
I remember that's where I had my 50th birthday. Where you there?
That's...
That's seven years ago.
Wow.
Uh. No. Was that?
What? No, that that was my 40th birthday.
That was 17 years ago. How old are you?... Three?
Yeah.
No, he wasn't even. No, not even. Not even. He didn't, he didn't exist.
Oh.
That's good, Mao.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. It wasn't you, but oh...
Yeah...
Oh. I see. I see.
What happened?
Oh, No!
Was what happened pretty bad?
Wow.
Walk.
Well, Let's let's go to the beach.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't know.
Oh.
Ooh. Stop.
You do? How many times a week do you think you eat out? Because you work at the office.
Me too. He cooks.
That's true.
Do you take your lunch to school?
What about cafeteria? No!
Oh, What? What do they serve?
It's not even close.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah.
So, You take your leftover. What about you? Do you eat a, a lot?
mmh